# Hello-world

Hello,

My name is Mike Flanagan I've been writing code since 2011 when I took my first course in computer science at Glendale Community College in Arizona. Orginally I planned on obtaining a CIS degree, however after taking one programming class I found that I enjoyed writing code so much that I had to learn as much as possible about it. I have a natural business savvy, so I determined that CIS was not a good fit as I wouldn't be pushing myself to learn new things as much. I have been in school since that time taking breaks here and there to work in jobs. Also I moved from Arizona to Oregon in 2015 which meant many courses didn't transfer and I had to retake courses. This has been great for my personal development, because when I started I learned computer science and data structures in Java. Than after moving I had to take the whole sequence at Chemeketa Communitty College in C++.  Having had prior knowlege of how to program and write code in Java it wasn't that much of a leap. After transferring to my current school which is Oregon Institute of Technology, many of their courses are taught in C#. Also Originally I learned to write code using textpad with a compiler linked in for java. At the time Eclipse felt too advanced for me. Than after transferring to Chemeketa we coded in QT Creator. I found that I really enjoyed coding in the QT IDE and I also did source countrol with bitbucket. Finally now at Oregon Institute of Technology, we use visual studio for most of our projects and I have had to use Github in some classes, as well as Team Foundation Services Source control. I also took an embedded C class where we used regular C and did some some arduino projects. I've also programmed in MIPS assembly using MARS simulator, as well as MARIE Assembly using MARIE Assembler. I plan on uploading as many projects as I can find so that potential employers can see the work that I've done. One of my favorite projects was a crypto currency price checker that used Coinbase API which did some background JSON requests that was was coded in GO using GOland ide by Jetbrains. For my Junior project which I'm working on right now with a team of four other students is a Home Inspection app. It will be cross platform and run on Android, Ios, and Windows, Using Xamarin Forms. This project excites me because I have been wanting to learn app development for a long time, however I have had such a heavy courseload with calculus, and physics, along side my Software Engineering Courses that I haven't had much time to self teach myself about app development. This all hopes to give insight in the type of person that I am. I don't really intend to be a programmer that works in one type of development for my whole career. If that is the case I imagine I will not get too bored due to the fact that technology is always evolving and any update could add more work, more research, and more development, which I hope is evidenced by this readme, I love Researching and developing in new technologies. In my past life I was a help desk agent, I am A+ certified and I can build pc's and repair them so well to the point that it is kind of boring to me. However, if you are in a company and that is what is needed, I would be happy take on that type of role again. Especially while I complete my degree. I hope to find a company that is looking for a person that they can truly invest in. That will remain loyal. If you take care of me I'll take care of your customers needs.
